Assumptions-

1-According to the current flow of oye rikshaw app if  anyone wants to use our service He/she should register with us with Mobile Number. So, the first step is to register the user with a mobile number so that entry for the user that are using oye rikshaw service is present in Database.

2-For customer only that driver will be shown on the screen in which customer at least ride one time(or want to take the ride) and vice versa for the driver also.



Approach-

1-No  matter whether the user is driver or our customer, the first step is to register it with a valid phone number.

2-If a user(driver or customer) want to know the rating of respective driver or customer, the API will hit from frontend and phone number of the respective user whom rating user want to know will send in the form request parameter. As we are only showing data of customer which are at least ride one-time(or want to take the ride) or took rikshaw of that driver and vice versa for the driver the user will not able to see rating of random customer or driver

3-I am storing the total number of user that gives a rating to respective customer or driver.It will use to calculate the aggregate rating of the user.

4-As user can change the phone number any time we have separate API to handle that case to.



DB SCHEMA-

1- For a given task, I used Postgress SQL.

2-We are having 4 different fields 1)-unique autogenerated Id.2)-Unique Telephone Number 3)-Total rating values 4)-Total user give rating for a given driver or customer.

3-Total rating values is to store the total value of rating that users gave to customer or driver.

4-Total user gives rating for a given driver or customer is to keep track total user give a rating. So the aggregate rating will be----Total rating values/Total user give rating for a given driver or customer.





Steps to run the application-

1-Install the IntelliJ if not already in the system.

2-git clone my project on your local machine.

3-Open my project that just copied in IntelliJ.

4-In the top right corner, the option of edit configuration will be available select OYERICKSHAWAPPLICATION

5-In the top right corner, the option of run or debug will be present click on it. The server will be started.

6-Make sure that you connect with DB with valid username and password
